README.md, before:

# docker-drupal-7-apache
Build a Drupal 7 environment with docker containers for apache, mysql, solr and redis.

This repository contains a custom image from the php:5.6-apache docker image.
If you do not already have this docker image built you will need to run the following.
> docker build -t zilleem-d7 .

Next you can start your stack with the docker-compose command
> docker-compose up

If you do not already have a mysql and htdocs folder they will be created.
You can now add our drupal code base to the htdocs folder.

Configure your settings file with MySQL, Redis and Solr.
Mysql will use the host as "db" and the database and
user info defined in the docker-compose file.
Redis has port 6375 and Solr is host "solr" with 
path of /solr/drupal

SSH into your d7 container by listing the containers
> docker ps

Use the container id to execute bash in the container
> docker exec -it YOUR_DOCKER_ID /bin/bash

Use Drush inside the container within htdocs to import your sql file
> drush sqlc < ../import.sql

Nagivate to localhost in your browser and/or localhost:8983/solr/# for the solr admin

Commit message:

Update Dockerfiles, compose and readme

README.md, after:

# docker-drupal-7-apache
Build a Drupal 7 environment with docker containers for apache, mysql, solr and redis.

This repository contains a custom image from the php:5.6-apache docker image.
If you do not already have this docker image built it will build on your
first docker-compose up

Next you can start your stack with the docker-compose command
> docker-compose up

If you do not already have a mysql and html folder they will be created.
You can now add our drupal code base to the html folder.

Configure your settings file with MySQL, Redis and Solr.
Mysql will use the host as "db" and the database and
user info defined in the docker-compose file.
Redis has port 6375 and Solr is host "solr" with 
path of /solr/drupal

SSH into your d7 container by listing the containers
> docker ps

Use the container id to execute bash in the container
> docker exec -it YOUR_DOCKER_ID /bin/bash

Use Drush inside the container within htdocs to import your sql file
> drush sqlc < import.sql

Nagivate to localhost in your browser and/or localhost:8983/solr/# for the solr admin
